Improved get stared with neo4j page. (#29)
neo4j/docs-getting-started: modules/ROOT/pages/get-started-with-neo4j.adoc

:description: This section gives an orientation on how to get started with Neo4j.

[[get-started-with-neo4j]]
= Get started with Neo4j

> There are a number of options how to install Neo4j and how to get started running Cypher queries.

Reviewer: Are we doing away with the abstracts?

Author: Yeah, for the pure Antora ones. The manuals that are in the `manual-modeling` still need abstracts because they are used to generate descriptions.

Reviewer: The descriptions don't render though, but maybe that's desired?

Author: The description is a meta data tag. It is used for search indexing etc. It does not render as text.

== Installing Neo4j

The easiest way to set up an environment for developing an application with Neo4j and Cypher is to use Neo4j Desktop.
Download Neo4j Desktop from link:https://neo4j.com/download/[] and follow the installation instructions for your operating system.

[TIP]
====

> For other options how to get started with Neo4j and Cypher see link:https://neo4j.com/try-neo4j/[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more options on how to get started with Neo4j and Cypher see link:https://neo4j.com/try-neo4j/[].
```
